NARRATOR: The destruction
of Kalos continues‐
brought on by Team Flare.
NARRATOR: However,
Serena, along with Mairin,
successfully rescued Chespie!
NARRATOR: And with
Blaziken Mask at her side,
Bonnie stood before
Zygarde to stop its rampage.
With a song,
an exhausted Squishy was soon
freed from Team Flare's control.
NARRATOR: Clemont and
Clembot successfully destroyed
Team Flare's control system
and released the other
Zygarde from its grip.
NARRATOR:
However, it came at a price:
the complete loss
of Clembot's memory.
It was a
heart‐wrenching decision
Clemont was forced to make.
NARRATOR: Meanwhile, Ash and
Alain are in the heat of battle!
LYSANDRE: Use Hyper Beam!
MEGA GYARADOS: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [PAINED]
ALAIN: Keep up the heat!
Use Dragon Claw!
ASH: Greninja, use Cut, now!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW
MOVE] GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [PAINED]
ASH: Pikachu, Thunderbolt, go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
MEGA GYARADOS: [PAINED]
ALAIN: It appears
that the fighting instinct
you've spoken of is
a thing of the past!
ASH: It's all over, Lysandre!
LYSANDRE: All your petty talk...
LYSANDRE: It will
never extinguish my dream.
LYSANDRE: I'm still committed
to recreating this world!
ASH: Greninja!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Lysandre?!
‐SERENA: Ash?
‐ASH: Serena,
where are you guys now?
SERENA: We're at Lysandre Labs.
And we just rescued Chespie.
Professor Sycamore and
Steven are here with us
at the lab as well!
ALAIN: Mairin! Are you there?!
MAIRIN: I'm here. With Chespie!
Are you okay, Alain?
ALAIN: I'm fine. How are you?!
MAIRIN:
I'm fine. Chespie's safe, too!
ASH: That's great news, Alain.
SERENA:
Ash, what's your location?
ASH:
We're at the top of Prism Tower.
SERENA: Could I ask
you to go to the Gym?
SERENA: It's Clemont...
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
CELOSIA: Use Sludge Bomb!
MABLE: Use Ice Beam!
WEAVILE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
JESSIE: Wobbuffet, Mirror Coat!
WOBBUFFET: [MIRROR COAT MOVE]
JESSIE: All right,
James, use String Shot!
JAMES: Hey, I'm not a Bug type!
WEAVILE/DRAPION: [EXERTION]
MABLE: Let us go!
CELOSIA: Not cool...
JESSIE:
Team Flare, catch of the day.
SERENA: What are you doing?
STEVEN: I'm finding
out what kind of research
was being conducted here.
STEVEN: There it is.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: What is it?
SERENA: What's happening?
MAIRIN: Chespie!
MAIRIN: Hey!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Mairin, wait!
MAIRIN: But Chespie disappeared!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
It's dangerous.
MAIRIN: Chespie! NO!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
We've got to get away, Mairin!
MAIRIN: Chespie...
SERENA: Professor Sycamore,
what's happening?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I have no idea.
Is the Giant Rock involved?
STEVEN: Involved? I'm certain
the Giant Rock is the source.
STEVEN: Anything can happen now.
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
♪WOBBUFFET: [SCARED]
MEOWTH: Heads up...
JAMES: What is that thing?!
JESSIE:
To prepare you for trouble...
we're sensing a scoop!
JAMES: Because we're a
double‐edged
news
gathering group!
JESSIE: To protect the
world and not tell a lie!
JAMES: To unite all
people wherever we fly!
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils of staying mute!
JAMES: To extend our reach,
while staying cute!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And it's James!
JESSIE:
Team Rocket shows the headline
with a shining bright light!
JAMES: Team Flare has fizzled!
We fought the good fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GIANT ROCK: [SHRIEKING]
OLYMPIA: The sundial
is starting to tremble.
ASH: Clemont?!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH: What happened, Clemont?
CLEMONT: Clembot did it all.
ASH: Can Clembot be fixed?
CLEMONT: I'll do my best.
CLEMONT: I haven't
been of any use so far...
ASH, PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH: What's up?
SERENA: Ash! It's an emergency!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
The Giant Rock at Lysandre Labs
absorbed Chespie!
ALAIN: Absorbed Chespie?!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: That Giant
Rock's on the move somewhere...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I don't know where.
I'm sending you our coordinates.
Get here fast and
bring Blaziken Mask!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: We're going
to keep track of its movements
and analyze as we can.
SERENA: Ash, please be careful.
ASH: I will.
ASH: Hey, Clemont...
CLEMONT: I'm all right.
CLEMONT:
The battle isn't over just yet.
SQUISHY: [CONCERNED]
BONNIE: Yay! Hello there.
I'm good friends with Squishy.
B CORE: [SCARED]
SQUISHY: [DETERMINED]
B CORE:
Look at this devastation!
B CORE: The humans did this.
This is why they're so... evil!
SQUISHY: I believe in humans.
B CORE:
How can you say such a thing?!
SQUISHY: Because these
humans haven't given up yet!
B CORE: [DISMISSIVE]
BONNIE: Oh please, come here.
Don't be scared.
BONNIE:
Why don't you come with us?
B CORE: [DEFENSIVE]
SQUISHY: Being on a
journey with this girl
and her friends has allowed
me to witness many things.
SQUISHY: They help each other.
They work hard.
They share their
happiness together.
They trust each other...
they move forward together...
And they never give up!
That's how the
humans I travel with are.
B CORE: [ANGRY]
BONNIE: If Squishy's
a friend of yours...
then I'm your friend, too!
BONNIE: I won't hurt you.
I wanna be your friend!
BONNIE: Okay?
B CORE: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: When I tickle Squishy
under the chin like this,
then it laughs.
B CORE: [PROTESTING]
SQUISHY: [SURPRISED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Listen, everyone.
I want to tell you what I
know about the Giant Rock.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
When we scanned it,
we discovered that it's
a giant mass of energy.
A mass of energy that
strongly resembles Zygarde's.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: In addition,
we picked up Chespie's vital
signs from within its core.
STEVEN: And, we found and
retrieved Chespie's records
located in the labs' database.
STEVEN:
According to those records,
an accident caused Chespie to
absorb some of Zygarde's energy.
STEVEN:
We think that the giant rock
absorbed Chespie in
order to obtain that energy.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: But now,
the Giant Rock
is in search
of its next energy source.
ALAIN: Isn't that...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
It's Anistar City!
ASH: Anistar City?!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
STEVEN:
It's headed toward the sundial.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
The sundial is a giant crystal
said to have come from space.
We know that the energy it
contains is the very same energy
that Pokémon emit when they're
experiencing Mega Evolution.
BLAZIKEN MASK:
Let's say the Giant Rock
is drawn toward that energy.
Why that energy, though?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: I know why.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: If the
Giant Rock and the sundial
come in direct contact
and then merge as a result...
SERENA: Then that means...
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: It means
it's the end of the world.
ALAIN: Lysandre! Recreating
the world at any cost!
ASH: We won't let that happen!
ASH: Professor!
We've gotta rescue Chespie and
stop the Giant Rock right away!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
ASH: We can... and we WILL!
SERENA: Okay! We're with you!
ASH: Awesome!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
ALAIN: Mairin?
ALAIN: I promise.
I'm going to save Chespie!
MAIRIN: Thanks.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Weavile!"
OFFICER JENNY: That's everything
Professor Sycamore told us.
OLYMPIA: You need to evacuate
the residents of
Anistar at once.
OFFICER JENNY: Right!
OLYMPIA:
The sundial can't be destroyed!
OLYMPIA: Gather!
JESSIE:
The mysterious giant object
is currently
heading to Anistar City!
Nearby residents should
evacuate immediately!
STEVEN: Are you ready to go?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Yeah!
SERENA:
We want to come and help, too!
MAIRIN: Serena...
SERENA: If we don't,
the world will end!
And I can't bear the
thought of that happening!
STEVEN: Now! Metagross, go!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Now! Garchomp, go!
SERENA: Braixen! Come out!
METAGROSS/GARCHOMP: [APPEARING]
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
STEVEN/PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Mega Evolve!
METAGROSS: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
GARCHOMP: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
MEGA METAGROSS: [CONFIDENT]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [CONFIDENT]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
STEVEN: Flash Cannon!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Use Dragon Pulse!
SERENA: Use Flamethrower!
MEGA METAGROSS:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [EXERTION]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Dragon Pulse, let's go!
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
SERENA: Use Flamethrower!
STEVEN: Go, Flash Cannon!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA METAGROSS:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
MEOWTH:
Hey, check out the Twerpette!
MEGA GARCHOMP:
[EXERTION] / [SURPRISED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Garchomp, no!
BRAIXEN: [WORRIED]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [SCARED]
MEGA METAGROSS: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: No, Braixen!
STEVEN: Metagross!
BRAIXEN: [SCARED]
BRAIXEN: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [GRATEFUL]
STEVEN: Charizard...
SERENA: And Pikachu...
SERENA: It's Ash! And Clemont!
MAIRIN: And Alain!
JESSIE: Here they come...
MEOWTH: The gang is all here!
ALAIN:
Now, Charizard, Flamethrower!
ASH: Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
MEGA CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
MEGA METAGROSS: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED]
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
JESSIE: Presently,
in order to stop the mysterious
giant object in
its mysterious tracks,
Professor Sycamore
and the Twer... I mean,
Pokémon Trainers are
battling with a vengeance!
SAWYER: Take care, Ash...
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
CLEMONT: Professor, do you
know Chespie's exact location?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
The scan shows Chespie
is somewhere in its core.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CONCENTRATING]
ASH/ASH‐GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
ASH: Hey, Greninja!
Did you see it, too?
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Know what?
I just got an idea. You with me?
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Ash, are you sure?
ASH: Of course!
ASH: Just give us a chance!
SQUISHY, B CORE: [CONCERNED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Make sure you've got
Greninja's back, Pikachu!
ALAIN: Charizard,
you do the same as well!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Let's help Ash all that we can!
STEVEN:
That includes you, Metagross!
MEGA GARCHOMP/MEGA METAGROSS:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ALAIN: Chespie...
take care... and be safe!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FOCUSED]
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
ASH: There it is.
Greninja! Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH: Right down there!
Chespie's down
under the shuriken.
ASH: Everyone,
head toward the Water Shuriken!
PIKACHU: [COMMANDING]
MEGA CHARIZARD/MEGA METAGROSS/
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD/MEGA METAGROSS/
MEGA GARCHOMP: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [EXERTION]
ASH:
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ALAIN: Now, use Flamethrower!
MEGA CHARIZARD:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA GARCHOMP: [EXERTION]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
All right, Hyper Beam!
MEGA GARCHOMP: [HYPER BEAM MOVE]
STEVEN: Flash Cannon, GO!
MEGA METAGROSS:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
SERENA: Use Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
STEVEN: It's endless.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
At this rate,
we won't be able to get close.
ASH: Quick, use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
MEGA CHARIZARD: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Pikachu, no!
ALAIN: Charizard!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
MEGA METAGROSS:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
BRAIXEN/MEGA METAGROSS :
[PAINED]
SERENA: Braixen!
STEVEN: Metagross!
GARCHOMP: [EXERTION] / [PAINED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Oh no, Garchomp!
JESSIE:
I'm not liking this ONE BIT!
JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET: [SCARED]
JESSIE: What's going on?!
MEGA CHARIZARD/ASH‐GRENINJA/
MEGA METAGROSS: [RELIEVED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
Excuse... me?!
PIKACHU: [THRILLED]
ASH: Check it out!
CLEMONT:
Look at all the Gym Leaders!
BONNIE: Yippee! Yay!
BLAZIKEN MASK:
And not a moment too soon.
KORRINA:
Sorry to keep you waiting!
DIANTHA:
I'd say that thing won't stop,
even if we ask it nicely.
MEGA GARDEVOIR: [AGREEMENT]
VIOLA: It sure is big.
Now don't get distracted,
okay, Grant?
GRANT: Yeah, yeah...
Though it would be a
really good wall to climb on.
RAMOS:
That plant is quite strong.
We must stay focused.
Let's go, Gogoat!
VALERIE: Horrendous
energy is everywhere...
OLYMPIA: It must not make
contact with the sundial.
WULFRIC:
Then that means one thing.
Let's go full throttle,
right from the start!
DIANTHA:
That didn't even slow it down...
DIANTHA: Let's fall back and
come up with a different plan.
DIANTHA:
We all know the situation.
Rescuing Chespie is
our first priority!
STEVEN: Right.
Let's use the Pokémon's moves
to get into the Giant Rock.
The target is there.
That Water Shuriken!
DIANTHA: We'll attack
with our combined power!
STEVEN: It is truly a sincere
honor to battle alongside you.
DIANTHA:
Steven, the honor is all mine.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: We couldn't
have asked for a stronger group
for help! Thank you.
KORRINA: Hi, Ash!
ASH: Korrina!
KORRINA:
So this is the famous Greninja.
ASH: Sure is!
Its power merges with mine!
KORRINA: Excellent!
OLYMPIA: And now you've
finally made that power yours.
ASH: That's right!
GIANT ROCK: [ROARING]
DIANTHA: Everyone!
You're looking at the
final line of defense!
DIANTHA: We cannot let it come
in contact with the sundial!
Remember that at all times.
MALVA: Let's go, Houndoom.
HOUNDOOM: [APPEARING]
ASH: Serena!
Take care of Mairin and Bonnie!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT:
And thanks a lot for your help!
SERENA:
You got it. Leave it to me!
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE:
Now, all of you be careful.
MAIRIN: Alain?
ALAIN: It's okay. I know I'll
come back, and Chespie with me!
MAIRIN: Okay.
JAMES:
Meowth, gotta catch them all!
MEOWTH: So what else is new?
JESSIE: Viewers the world over!
This is history!
JESSIE: Watch as these titans
tackle the threat to Kalos...
and the world!
NARRATOR:
In order to rescue Chespie
and prevent the Giant Rock
from coming into contact
with the sundial,
the most powerful team in
Kalos has gathered together
in a battle for the
future of the world!
What will be Chespie's fate?
What will be the
future of Kalos?
The final decisive
battle to come,
as the journey continues!